this looks suspicious what delicious
how'd I end up in the closet is that a
mask that looks awfully familiar how
should you
oh I think I hit my head when that
happened look ah much better what what's
wrong my face why does it feels so flat
you are not kidding me are you kidding
me this mask isn't half bad for
halloween i will review Splatterhouse as
I think it's a really good game to play
also why do you think they're bringing
the franchise back in 2010 will splatter
house for the 360 and ps3 there's the
reason so let's get on to the story
story is about two college students
Jennifer and Rick taking refuge in a
mansion from the rain or to be exact
taking refuge in West mansion that's
supposedly owned by a dr. Wes who
conducts hideous experiments like all
evil doctors would yes instead of use my
braid my dad people I shall follow the
bad example of other evil doctors and
create hideous experiments and
indefinitely die again I like the sound
of that you know the name dr. West
doesn't sound very frightening could
have been called doctor and say no or
mister man Simon fool why don't you go
play tetris attack but I digress so as
soon as they enter the mansion strange
things begin to happen jennifer gets
captured no doubt in store for eggs no
doubt in store for erotic experiments oh
good god and it's up to Rick who gets
possessed by a random max somewhere and
gains the power to kick butt and save
his girl
I've seen better stories but this was in
1988 so it's all good on to the gameplay
splatterhouse is a side-scroller
beat-'em-up where you try and survive to
the end hmm doesn't sound very in-depth
but the thing that's fun about this game
is the challenge you are given to
survive the obstacles that coming your
way because all these hideous
experiments are thrown at you just
trying to murder you you have the basic
attack button in jump button and the
Special Attack to help you get through
this hellish nightmare and there are
weapons can find lying around to help
you now the real challenge are the
bosses you faced in the game yes my
brilliant experiment will destroy you
hahaha wait I thought you were dead I am
a doctor you know whoops and your little
gunfire will not stop me I didn't shoot
you wait right then who and blue blazes
shot me it was you I'll show you what
happened and you shoot doc he'll be back
I know it but back to the bosses they
aren't hard to fight per se but they are
tricky and learning the pattern really
helps except maybe chainsaw guy because
I actually never fought him hands-on
because I don't know the pattern another
thing I like is when you defeat some of
the bosses they'll have this last attack
move that they'll throw at you so even
when the battle is over you can still
die kind of like that one Castlevania
game in that Indiana Jones game and
that's how pretty much the game works so
let's move on the music brilliant it's
just brilliant it gives you that horror
feel and it sounds so good that's all I
can say I totally get the soundtrack if
I could find it
ah if there's one thing I always wanted
to be was to be a composer so what
stopped you from doing that that's a
good question actually well answer that
after i dissect wow he actually lived a
lot longer than last time the graphics
keep in mind that the turbo graphics
scott dumbed down from the arcade port
there was a lot more gore in the arcade
version in the home port but aside from
that the graphics are really
good-looking the background the monsters
just thumbs up for the way it looks it
gives you the feel that you're in a
madhouse Thanks I decorated it myself
the house painters brains you know if it
wasn't for the fact that this is a video
game I would have called you a sick son
of a bitch nobody calls me a sick son of
bitch no not the Apple not yapim yo an
apple a day keeps the doctor away and I
don't even eat apples for a love of God
well that's pretty much Splatterhouse I
hope you enjoyed it despite it being
reviewed many many times before but it's
just that good so go play it and I'm off
cupcakes hmm being on the bathroom floor
with dr. snickering behind me he can
take it you're just a ticket delicious
ah so long
I need a nap riri riri action